c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Form1.resources
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
c:\users\thushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
C:\Users\THUSHAN\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\THUSHAN\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Form1.resources
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2012.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2013.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2015.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2017.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
E:\Projects\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Form1.resources
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.exe
C:\AbnormalitiesInLiveFeeds_18_116\Solution\Thushan\LiveFeedComp\LiveFeedComp\obj\x86\Debug\LiveFeedComp.pdb
